BLIP-0011: NameDesc (#11)
lightning/blips: blip-0004.md

```

> bLIP: 0004

Reviewer: renumber to 0011

Author: Fixed!

that new implementations don't have to reverse-engineer general-purpose
NameDesc from existing implementations.

## Copyright

This bLIP is licensed under the CC0 license.

## Motivation

BOLT11 lets you include a description of an invoice. This is widely used across
the ecosystem, however there's no coherent or conventional way to write an
invoice description.

NameDesc provides a clear way on how to structure an invoice description that
is helpful for the user and which the wallet can parse.

It specifies how the name of the receiver should be presented, something which
isn't always included. Not including the receiver name can lead to a transaction
log item showing only an ID or product name, but not the actual service or store.

## Specification

NameDesc consists in prepending the actual invoice description with the receiver
name, a colon and two spaces (`:  `).

For example, Alfred's wallet can produce an invoice with the following
description:

```
Alfred: payment for the ice cream you owed me
```

When Barbara's wallet receives that, it displays something like:

```
Paying to: Alfred
Description: payment for the ice cream you owed me
```

## Rationale

> NameDesc paves a way for a more structued and standardised way of writing
> invoices descriptions. Wallet's that do not support NameDesc will still have a
> graceful fallback, as it will show:

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
NameDesc paves a way for a more structured and standardised way of writing
invoices descriptions. Wallets that do not support NameDesc will still have a
graceful fallback, as they will show:
```

Author: Oops! Thank you @t-bast.
